README.markdown, before:

## Ruby Goldberg

A reason to create lots of pointless Ruby-based projects talkin' trash on 
the tubez.


Ruby Goldberg is composed of two parts.

### Reuben

The Ruby Goldberg server (reuben) is responsible for registering clients (rubes). The 
registration is a simple POST to with two parameters: the rubes's home
url and a _knock_knock_ url to make sure the client is still home.

Reuben is also in charge of starting the contraption (the collection of rubes),
keeping track of where a package has been and where it's going next.

  - Registers rubes with: name & home & health_check
  - Starts a new contraption
  - Tracks where the package has been in the contraption
  - Accepts transmogrified packages from the rubes
  - Checks if the rubes are still alive (before sending package)
  - Returns package to the requestor

### Rubes

Ruby Goldberg clients (rubes) are arbitrarily complex web services spread all 
throughout the tubes. They start by telling the Reuben their name (name), where 
they are (home), and how the server can check if they are still there (knock_knock). 
This is a simple POST with those params.

The home url needs to accept a _package_, process said package and return 
the transmogrified package to Reuben.
  
The knock_knock url should respond with:

  200 OK "Who's there?"

### Package

The package is a simple JSON structure that looks like this:

{
  

}

Commit message:

Remove health check url and update README a little.

README.markdown, after:

## Ruby Goldberg

A reason to create lots of pointless Ruby-based projects talkin' trash on 
the tubez.


Ruby Goldberg is composed of two parts.

### Reuben

The Ruby Goldberg server (reuben) is responsible for registering clients (rubes). 
The registration is a simple POST to with two parameters: the rubes's home
url and a _knock_knock_ url to make sure the client is still home.

Reuben is also in charge of starting the contraption (the collection of rubes),
keeping track of where a package has been and where it's going next.

  - Registers rubes with: name & home
  - Starts a new contraption
  - Tracks where the package has been in the contraption
  - Accepts transmogrified packages from the rubes
  - Checks if the rubes are still alive (before sending package)
  - Returns package to the requestor

### Rubes

Ruby Goldberg clients (rubes) are arbitrarily complex web services spread all 
throughout the tubes. They start by telling the Reuben their name (name), where 
they are (home). This is a simple POST with those params.

The home url needs to accept a _package_, process said package and posts the
job key to Reuben.
  
Reuben will respond with the next URL in the chain. The rube then forwards
the package to the next rube.

### Package

The package is a simple JSON structure that looks like this:

{
  

}
